about two and a half years ago I wanted
someone to help with the art side of my
webcomic because i had no idea where to
start
I started looking at other people's art
in my school, until I saw one girl's
drawings, and I was absolutely ~a m a z e d~
(SHE'S THE ONEEEEEE)
I basically told her: you're my friend now!!
she probably didn't realize what she was
getting herself into
we're still friends to this day, but
still, I am an annoying friend
seriously this one time at lunch i
randomly asked her
"will you say fo' shizzle?"
(because she's blaaaaaaaaaaaaack)
she said "no" (aw)
"what if I get a hundred people to sign a
petition?"
"ok", she said thinking I wouldn't spend
the rest of lunch going to random tables
having them sign a piece of paper and
then having everyone in my English and
drama class sign it
I got a hundred signatures in one day
(get on my level) and she being true to
her word said it and I taped it too. I asked her if I could show the video and she
said no.
"what if I get a hundred people to sign-"
"NO" so sorry guys
here's the audio ;)
okay so there's already captions for this now
so I can take a break
wooooooh
I heard Rogue One was pretty good
I tried to make french subtitles for the fanfiction video
(i don't know french)
I know Chinese tho
(asiiiiiaaaaaannnnnnn)
mission report december 16 1991
pokémon sun and moon seems to be pretty good so far
oh frick i gotta go now bye guys
and I'm also friends with this ginger kid
and to protect his identity we'll call
him Nick Jiggly
that was a nickname I gave him because
his real name was Nick Jernigan and
what really sparked our friendship was
our love for dating women (james is a player) I'm just
kidding we played magic: the gathering
and he was /slightly/ better than me but
only because he bought the most
expensive cards so whenever he would be
beating me
I would get back at him emotionally by
insulting his red hair
"I attack with my Reaper from the abyss-"
SAYS THE GINGER >:(
he would always laugh about it (but I secretly meant it)
so this one time my boy scout troop took a trip
to a lake and there was one spot where you go cliff diving and I wasn't on the
young side anymore
I was more in the middle and everyone
was having a fun times
swimming and jumping and this one kid
named Harris
(he was one of the young ones) he came up
to us and said "my mom told me I can't go
cliff diving" and in my mind I was
thinking
"mkay harris YOUR MOM'S NOT HERE" but I didn't really care too much. a couple
hours passed and everyone just started
talking on top of the cliff and I spot
Harris sitting by himself and I get an idea >:) (I'm so evil heheheh)
I said hey Harris why don't you come sit
with us
(I hope you know where I'm going with this) Harris joined the group
still it's quiet though and I wanted to
push him off the cliff
I started to think of ways i can get
him close to the edge but the dude was
already standing near the edge back turned probably being of something emotional
tell me if you were in my position you
wouldn't push him off the edge and I
scream,
"YOUR MOM'S NOT HERE!" as I push him off
he was fiiiiine I jumped off there plenty of
times. we should have seen his face
he flailed his arms a lot but was dead silent
he probably thought he was going to die
hey Harris was a quiet kid he didn't
have any friends either
so after I pushed him people talked to him
for like five minutes
so Harris, if you're watching this, you're
welcome ;)